[Music]
when we're young were taught the
difference between a hero and a villain
good and evil a savior and a lost cause
but what if the truth is that the only
difference is just who is telling the
story
my name is Hoke Michaelson I come from a
long line of the villains in your
stories and the daughter of a werewolf
and a vampire the granddaughter of an
evil witch they call me the try break
I'm the only one of my kind
I'm born from evil fighting every day to
be good there's no place in the world
for someone like me except one the
Salvatore school we teach discipline
compassion a little magic but mostly
it's a place where we've never seen you
have to spend a lot of time with
supernatural people who are never
comfortable and who they were these kids
these kids will be better the locals
think we're a school for troubled rich
kids the troubles part is true we fall
asleep in geometry and passing up to
magical history we throw parties in the
woods and crash the local high schools
dances we found in and out of love and
break each other's hearts like so many
who came before us we're not all good
we're not all bad but we are all
different whether we like it or not any
one of us could snap and become the
villain of someone else's story
that's why there are rules
well number one no one can know who we
are or what we can do
thanks Landon rule number two don't get
close at the locals when we open up to
strangers we risk exposing our secrets
you want me to dance with you
I'm livin in the moment here when local
boy Landon Kerby entered my life I
learned the consequences of breaking the
rules in opening up to an innocent I
opened the door to something bigger than
both of us something bigger than the
school its secrets or even the town of
Mystic Falls something that could bring
us all to our knees
[Music]
this is a story of magic of Secrets and
betrayals earth loves and first
heartbreaks it's a story of friendship
and family of battling our own demons so
we can face the monsters around us this
is a story our stories about trying to
be normal in a world that's anything but
the only question is will we be its
heroes or its villains
[Music]
you